README.md, before:

# Electron-React-TypeScript-Webpack-Boilerplate
A boilerplate that let you instantly start working on your next [Electron] app 
in [TypeScript] with no time wasted messing with the config files.

- Ready to use [Electron] project template with [React], [Webpack] and
  [TypeScript] seamlessly integrated.
- [ESLint] set up with TypeScript, Airbnb's rules, and [Jest] support.
- [Jest] integrated and configured.
- [`electron-builder`] for app packaging, with basic build config for Windows 
  macOS included.
- Clean, easy to read and alter config files. No config file is hidden behind
  yet another script!

*This boilerplate is tested on the latest macOS and Windows. If anything 
doesn't work, please [file an issue].*

## Getting started
1. Clone this repository, or if you're hosting your Electron project on GitHub,
click [`Use this template`] to create a new project.

2. Edit the following fields in `package.json` for your own project:

    ```json
    {
      "name": "your-project-name",
      "version": "whatever-you-like",
      "description": "your-own-description",
      "build": {
        "appId": "your-app-id",
        "productName": "your-product-name",
        "buildVersion": "your-build-number"
      },
      "author": "who's-the-author?",
      "license": "if-you-don't-want-to-use-MIT",
      "repository": "type-and-link-of-your-repo",
      "bugs": "issue-page-of-your-repo",
      "homepage": "homepage-of-your-repo"
    }
    ```

3. `npm install` to install the dependencies.

   *Please note that `optionalDependencies` should only be omitted on your
   CI/CD pipeline for unit testing. It's meant to save some bandwidth. You'll
   need all the packages listed for development.*

Done! Now run `npm run dev` to start the Webpack in development and watch mode.
It's time to start working on your project.

Be aware that starting Webpack will only compile your files to `dist` folder
but won't start the Electron app. Use `npm start` command to start your
Electron app once the files are compiled.

## Build your Electron app package
Different from the official [Electron quick start guide], this boilerplate uses
[`electron-builder`] instead of [Electron Forge] to package your Electron app.

By default, the build configuration in `package.json` is configured to build the
mac universal package (for Apple Silicon & Intel based machines) and Windows
`exe` installer (both 32 & 64 bit). You should not need to change anything in
the build script other than supplying the app icon unless you need to sign your
code/package or build for Linux.

For code signing and notarization, or to build for Linux, please read
[`electron-builder`'s document] for configuring the build script.

To package your Electron app, run `npm run prod` to get your code compiled in
`production` mode, then use `npm run  build:(win|mac)` to build the package.

## Known issues
- [`electron-builder`] packages the file into Electron's `asar` archive format
  by default. Based on past experiences with old Electron & `electron-builder`
  versions, this might lead to runtime error on Windows while launching the
  installed Electron app. 

  One way to verify this issue is to build the mac package and see if your app
  runs fine on mac. If it's the case, you can override the `asar` archive
  option in the build configuration in `package.json` by adding `asar: false`
  in `win` section.
  
  This solution isn't ideal but since `asar` archiving is
  meant to improve performance of reading files if bundler like Webpack is not
  being used. The app packaging workflow defined in this boilerplate already
  uses Webpack to minify your code in `production` builds, so there shouldn't
  be any significant performance different with `asar` archiving disabled.

## Folder structure
```
electron-react-typescript-base-proj/
| - dist/               //- Generated by Webpack automatically
| - node_modules/
| - out/                //- Generated by build script automatically
| - public/             //- Global static assets
| | - index.html
| | - style.css
| - src/
| | - main/             //- Backend modules for the Electron app
| | | - main.ts         //- Entry point of 'electron-main'
| | - models/
| | - renderer/         //- Frontend React components for the Electron app
| | | - renderer.tsx    //- Entry point of 'electron-renderer'
| | - utils/            //- Common utilities
| - test/               //- Unit tests
| - .eslintrc           //- ESLint config
| - .gitignore
| - package-lock.json
| - package.json
| - tsconfig.json       //- TypeScript config
| - webpack.config.js   //- Webpack config
```

## Author
[Wing Chau](https://github.com/iamWing) [@Devtography](https://github.com/Devtography)

## Donation
I do this open source work for free in my free time. If you'd like me to invest
more time on it, please consider give me some [donations]. Any donation is
gonna be a great motivation for me.

## License
Electron React TypeScript Webpack Boilerplate is open source software 
[licensed as MIT](LICENSE).

[Electron]: https://www.electronjs.org
[React]: https://reactjs.org
[Webpack]: https://webpack.js.org
[TypeScript]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[ESLint]: http://eslint.org
[Jest]: https://jestjs.io
[`electron-builder`]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder
[file an issue]: https://www.electronjs.org
[`Use this template`]: https://github.com/Devtography/electron-react-typescript-webpack-boilerplate/generate
[Electron quick start guide]: https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/quick-start
[Electron Forge]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge
[`electron-builder`'s document]: https://www.electron.build
[notarization requirements]: https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=04102019a
[electron-builder #3870]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/issues/3870
[`electron-builder@22.10.4`]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/releases/tag/v22.10.4
[donations]: https://github.com/sponsors/iamWing

Commit message:

Add path alias setting guide

README.md, after:

# Electron-React-TypeScript-Webpack-Boilerplate
A boilerplate that let you instantly start working on your next [Electron] app 
in [TypeScript] with no time wasted messing with the config files.

- Ready to use [Electron] project template with [React], [Webpack] and
  [TypeScript] seamlessly integrated.
- [ESLint] set up with TypeScript, Airbnb's rules, and [Jest] support.
- [Jest] integrated and configured.
- [`electron-builder`] for app packaging, with basic build config for Windows 
  macOS included.
- Clean, easy to read and alter config files. No config file is hidden behind
  yet another script!

*This boilerplate is tested on the latest macOS and Windows. If anything 
doesn't work, please [file an issue].*

## Getting started
1. Clone this repository, or if you're hosting your Electron project on GitHub,
click [`Use this template`] to create a new project.

2. Edit the following fields in `package.json` for your own project:

    ```json
    {
      "name": "your-project-name",
      "version": "whatever-you-like",
      "description": "your-own-description",
      "build": {
        "appId": "your-app-id",
        "productName": "your-product-name",
        "buildVersion": "your-build-number"
      },
      "author": "who's-the-author?",
      "license": "if-you-don't-want-to-use-MIT",
      "repository": "type-and-link-of-your-repo",
      "bugs": "issue-page-of-your-repo",
      "homepage": "homepage-of-your-repo"
    }
    ```

3. `npm install` to install the dependencies.

   *Please note that `optionalDependencies` should only be omitted on your
   CI/CD pipeline for unit testing. It's meant to save some bandwidth. You'll
   need all the packages listed for development.*

Done! Now run `npm run dev` to start the Webpack in development and watch mode.
It's time to start working on your project.

Be aware that starting Webpack will only compile your files to `dist` folder
but won't start the Electron app. Use `npm start` command to start your
Electron app once the files are compiled.

__*Starting from `v4.0.0`, you no longer need to manually config your module
path alias in `webpack.config.js`. All module path alias set in `tsconfig.json`
will be configured in Webpack automatically thanks to [`tsconfig-paths`] and
[`tsconfig-paths-webpack-plugin`].*__

## Build your Electron app package
Different from the official [Electron quick start guide], this boilerplate uses
[`electron-builder`] instead of [Electron Forge] to package your Electron app.

By default, the build configuration in `package.json` is configured to build the
mac universal package (for Apple Silicon & Intel based machines) and Windows
`exe` installer (both 32 & 64 bit). You should not need to change anything in
the build script other than supplying the app icon unless you need to sign your
code/package or build for Linux.

For code signing and notarization, or to build for Linux, please read
[`electron-builder`'s document] for configuring the build script.

To package your Electron app, run `npm run prod` to get your code compiled in
`production` mode, then use `npm run  build:(win|mac)` to build the package.

## Known issues
- [`electron-builder`] packages the file into Electron's `asar` archive format
  by default. Based on past experiences with old Electron & `electron-builder`
  versions, this might lead to runtime error on Windows while launching the
  installed Electron app. 

  One way to verify this issue is to build the mac package and see if your app
  runs fine on mac. If it's the case, you can override the `asar` archive
  option in the build configuration in `package.json` by adding `asar: false`
  in `win` section.
  
  This solution isn't ideal but since `asar` archiving is
  meant to improve performance of reading files if bundler like Webpack is not
  being used. The app packaging workflow defined in this boilerplate already
  uses Webpack to minify your code in `production` builds, so there shouldn't
  be any significant performance different with `asar` archiving disabled.

## Folder structure
```
electron-react-typescript-base-proj/
| - dist/               //- Generated by Webpack automatically
| - node_modules/
| - out/                //- Generated by build script automatically
| - public/             //- Global static assets
| | - index.html
| | - style.css
| - src/
| | - main/             //- Backend modules for the Electron app
| | | - main.ts         //- Entry point of 'electron-main'
| | - models/
| | - renderer/         //- Frontend React components for the Electron app
| | | - renderer.tsx    //- Entry point of 'electron-renderer'
| | - utils/            //- Common utilities
| - test/               //- Unit tests
| - .eslintrc           //- ESLint config
| - .gitignore
| - package-lock.json
| - package.json
| - tsconfig.json       //- TypeScript config
| - webpack.config.js   //- Webpack config
```

## Author
[Wing Chau](https://github.com/iamWing) [@Devtography](https://github.com/Devtography)

## Donation
I do this open source work for free in my free time. If you'd like me to invest
more time on it, please consider give me some [donations]. Any donation is
gonna be a great motivation for me.

## License
Electron React TypeScript Webpack Boilerplate is open source software 
[licensed as MIT](LICENSE).

[Electron]: https://www.electronjs.org
[React]: https://reactjs.org
[Webpack]: https://webpack.js.org
[TypeScript]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[ESLint]: http://eslint.org
[Jest]: https://jestjs.io
[`electron-builder`]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder
[file an issue]: https://www.electronjs.org
[`Use this template`]: https://github.com/Devtography/electron-react-typescript-webpack-boilerplate/generate
[`tsconfig-paths`]: https://github.com/dividab/tsconfig-paths
[`tsconfig-paths-webpack-plugin`]: https://github.com/dividab/tsconfig-paths-webpack-plugin
[Electron quick start guide]: https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/quick-start
[Electron Forge]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-forge
[`electron-builder`'s document]: https://www.electron.build
[notarization requirements]: https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=04102019a
[electron-builder #3870]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/issues/3870
[`electron-builder@22.10.4`]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/releases/tag/v22.10.4
[donations]: https://github.com/sponsors/iamWing
